README.md, before:

# GameRental

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

add firebase and update readme

README.md, after:

# Giant Bomb Game Rental

Preview the [application](https://game-rental-35047.web.app/).

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Deployment

Run `ng deploy` to deploy the app hosted by [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/).

***
# Gravie Software Engineer Challenge

## Instructions
After completing the challenge below, please send us an email with the location of your repository. If your repository is private, be sure to add us as collaborators so we can view your code.

### Time Box
3-4 Hours

## Synopsis

For this challenge you will implement the Giant Bomb API to create an application that will allow a user to search games and "rent" them. The application should consist of at least two unique pages (`search` and `checkout`). Your view should display the game thumbnail and title, and the rest is up to you. You can use any language and or framework you'd like.

![Giant Bomb](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/4b/Giant_Bomb_logo.png)

You can get started by signing up for an API key [here](https://www.giantbomb.com/api/).

### Resources

You can find the quickstart guide [here](https://www.giantbomb.com/forums/api-developers-3017/quick-start-guide-to-using-the-api-1427959/).

You can find a full list of API features [here](https://www.giantbomb.com/api/documentation).

### Questions

Don't hesitate to reach out with any questions. Remember we are more focused on seeing your development process than checking off a list of requirements, so be sure you are able to speak to your code and your thoughts behind it.
